Robotics Intro Exercise - Documentation 

Adi Burger
30.05.2024

after forking and cloning the project to local environment - build the project for SITL according to the instructions:
		./waf configure --board sitl
		./waf copter

add a location by adding it's coordinates to the file locations.txt
	** added Habima and Dizi_Square

mission commands order- 
1. connect
2. set mode (guided)
3. arm
4. take off
5. rtl\ land
6. disarm
7. disconnect

In order to allow a follower copter to track the leader we assume both copters - leader and follower already took off.

from that point - the leader will be guided manually while the follower automatically follows.

Required python libraries:
* pymavutil in pymavlink - allows communication in mavlink protocol via python interface
  enables control on single copter

In Mission Planner - in order to perform swarm mode with a leader and a follower do the following:
1. run SITL with the following command - 
	sim_vehicle.py -v Copter --map --console --count 2 --auto-sysid --location Habima --auto-offset-line 90,10 --no-mavproxy
2. connect both drones (right clink + connect options + according to the ports in the ArduCopter tabs)
3. CTRL + f -> swarm
4. set a leader drone and press start 
5. from that point you can guide the leader drone and the follower will fly towards it (assuming both already took off). 

TODO:
1. make the script work - it is indeed writen BUT - because of time limitations there are bugs.
   Though the general concept is clear, the performances requires improvement.

There are few unresolved problems:
* The concept of swarm is not very clear - worked manually after both drones took off - can you start the mission when both of them on the ground?
  currently able to send takeoff command only to the leader.
    ** the control of two drones in a swarm succeeded in Mission Planners GUI but not through python

* Reposition command stacks the program and does not force the drone to move though I've checked the syntax few times (probably not enough though...)

* Because of the issues mentioned above I wasn't able to assure the threading part works as expected.

2. Verify if after takeoff the follower should be transferred to follow mode - assuming it does
3. load mission to the leader drone and fly it autonomously while the follower drone follows along the mission.
4. Expand the knowledge of mission modes - not clear enough for me.
5. Improve script's design, documentation and clarity
